OSDOCS-16969-config-keystone CQA (#116149)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/identity-provider-keystone-about.adoc

[id="identity-provider-keystone-about_{context}"]
= About Keystone authentication

[role="_abstract"]
Configure Keystone authentication in {product-title} to share sign-in with your OpenStack Keystone server. Mapping users by Keystone ID reduces access risk when usernames are reused.

Map {product-title} users to Keystone usernames or unique Keystone IDs. Users log in with their Keystone username and password.

> Basing users on the Keystone ID is more secure. If you delete a Keystone user and create a new user with that username, the new user might have access to resources of the deleted user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basing users on the Keystone ID is gives each user a unique identity. If you delete a Keystone user, then create a new user with the same username but a different Keystone ID, the new user does not have access to resources of the deleted user.
```
